Where was the date? What was the...
The 9th of September.
Brilliant.
Did you... 1992.
Did you ask Di to go somewhere special with you?
Was there an outing?
Well, there you go. Good lucks.
Thank you. Yes.
What about you, Di? Why attracted you to Chris?
I can't... He gave me his good lucks and his friendliness.
And we'd been on a thing...
In a lesson with Mr Kendall on a holiday and travel.
Holiday and travel.
That's how we got to know each other on holiday and travel.
Oh, that was the...
I can help you.
Er...
That was on the, erm... flat sites.
Flat... Is it on a... flat?
It was... I think it was outside.
Yes, it was outside Garda.
Hmm. Yeah. Outside Garda, which is down...
He was living in Garda then.
You go down here and turn that way and there's a few lards.
It doesn't... We don't own it anymore.